He there, Mark Wilkins checking in.
Welcome to my class AWS Security Operations: Designing
for Securing Core Infrastructure, and just between you and me,
getting to that sweet spot is hard,
and that's why this course has been developed,
to help you understand the toolbox,
the set of tools available at AWS to secure your workloads.
Now I work a lot with Amazon Web Services with different customers
that are hosting workloads in the cloud and I'm certificated in Amazon
architecture and Amazon system operations,
and I have a great deal of background in IBM software,
Microsoft Azure.
So I'm certifiable and dangerous.
So in this course we're going to take a look at securing core
infrastructure based against governance,
risk and compliance and the regulations in the industry and align
that to your company when you're moving to Amazon.
What you have to look out for when considering your security design.
So we'll start by defining just what identity and access management is,
then we'll take a look at EC two instance security
and the virtual private cloud.
That is your software defined network within Amazon.
And then we'll end each module with Amazon best practices,
giving you the skills and ability to design your own infrastructure.
I should mention this class is also the baseline for a new
Amazon security certification starting in 2017.
Sound good? Hope to see you in class.